All right.
So I made a couple of comments here and we you know we can delete them if we wanted to.
But on this lecture here we're going to be learning is how to change the values here for approving or
improve.
That way we can show comments or not show them in the front of the website right in front of a mess.
So let's go ahead to the call right now and start doing that right away.
So let's go to have you all comments and let's do something right here.
Why not right.
So let's keep keep on going here and let's actually use a different Querrey right now.
So what I'm going to do is I'm going to copy this one here because we don't need to reinvent the wheel
if we have all the resources right here.
Right.
So let's go ahead and put this down here.
And we are going to be accepting another value and we're going to be sending this value from here.
Right.
Instead of sending the key delete we're going to send a key saying on our proof.
How about that.
Beautiful right.
And we're going to be sending the same ID actually post ID.
Yes.
Actually it's not the post ID.
We need to send that comment Id because we we are going to be on approving that comment just like this
one right here.
We could just copy it from there but that's fine.
All right so let me make this a little bit like this so that what you can see and let's change this
to comment.
Perfect.
I think it looks good.
What do you think.
All right.
All right so we're going to say on improve so we copy this one already.
We'll keep it right here on top.
All right.
So let's get ahead.
Let's get the key word right here and copy it also.
And let's put it right here.
Perfect.
All right.
So we get to NOT THE LEAD.
But we want an update and this statement actually is going to be very different.
We're not going to see any of these actually and we're going to say update comments
set status.
And let me just double check that column.
I think it's common status is not 100 percent sure.
Let me just double check right here.
Comments that is that's what it is right here.
All right.
So a comment that is just a column in the table.
We're going to set it equal to what we can put the static value right here the aesthetic value is going
to be this on a proof right.
That's what is going to be.
So when we click on that link We're going to get it right here.
Turning to the common ID.
Right.
And then we're going to update common set common status equal to approve automatically.
All right.
So I think we're good here and we need to on proof
prove common query.
All right.
I think that sets a good and of course we have to prove it right there.
To have to get this I.D. right here so we change the status right away.
I think right now it should work fine the way it is.
All right let's go ahead and try that out.
Actually they are all in a pool right now.
So let's actually make the other one real quick too while we're here.
So we're going to make another copy of that and space to here.
And you take the front of it take the front of it and take the front of it.
That is all we had to do was this and take the front of this would too perfect and let's copy this one.
Here they go all the way to the top.
And we're going to be sending it right here.
Proof.
We're going to change this to comments
and we're going to be a proof.
It's going to be equal to the comment ID.
Perfect.
I think we're doing great.
What do you think.
All right.
All right let's check it out real quick.
This click on enter on the browser.
And when we click here it turns everything into a pool.
OK.
So what we need to do is actually create a because if we don't approve it we're prove everything.
So we don't want to select everything.
All right.
We just wanted to let a couple of things.
All right so set of the comments said come and start as equals to approve where what where common ID
equal to why.
All right.
Two common idea right here.
Let's do that as do I where statements we don't want to hear too and we're steaming right here.
Who's
who where.
Come in.
The ones who come in Id write this check it out right now.
All right prove it.
Prove prove prove or prove you see that only one changes are an approved this one changes and going
to prove that one changes perfect.
So now it is working right.
So anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture.
I hope you were able to get all valuable knowledge out of it and I'm happy that I was able to teach
it to you.
See you in the next lecture.
Take your